10
Greatest Hits
Alan Walker
0
images/alan_walker.png
3
Faded
music_files/faded.mp3
images/faded.jpg
Alone
music_files/alone.mp3
images/alone.jpg
Lily
music_files/lily.mp3
images/lily.jpg
The Power of Love
Celine-Dion
1
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
28
The Power Of Love
music_files/the_power_of_love.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
My Heart Will Go On
music_files/my_heart_will_go_on.mp3
images/my_heart_will_go_on.jpg
I'm Alive
music_files/i'm_alive.mp3
images/i'm_alive.png
A Shoulder to Cry On
music_files/a_shoulder_to_cry_on.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
I Do It For You
music_files/i_do_it_for_you.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
When You Believe
music_files/when_you_believe.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
My Love
music_files/my_love.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Love Is All Around
music_files/love_is_all_around.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Nothing To Lose
music_files/nothing_to_lose.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Sail Over Seven Seas
music_files/sail_over_seven_seas.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Wonderful Tonight
music_files/wonderful_tonight.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
When You Say Nothing At All
music_files/when_you_say_nothing_at_all.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Unchained Melody
music_files/unchained_melody.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Spending My Time
music_files/spending_my_time.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
First Love
music_files/first_love.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Rhythm of The Rain
music_files/rhythm_of_the_rain.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
The End of The World
music_files/the_end_of_the_world.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Listen to your Heart
music_files/listen_to_your_heart.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
You Took my Heart Away
music_files/you_took_my_heart_away.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Endless Love
music_files/endless_love.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Ehternal Flames
music_files/ethernal_flames.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
All Out of Love
music_files/all_out_of_love.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Women in Love
music_files/women_in_love.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Pretty Boy
music_files/pretty_boy.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Sacrifice
music_files/sacrifice.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
I Don't Wanna Talk About It
music_files/i_don't_wanna_talk_about_it.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
If Love is Blind
music_files/if_love_is_blind.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Right Here Waiting
music_files/right_here_waiting.mp3
images/the_power_of_love.jpg
Bad
Michael Jackson
1
images/MJ_bad.jpg
11
Bad
music_files/bad.mp3
images/MJ_bad.jpg
The Way You Make Me Feel
music_files/the_way_you_make_me_feel.mp3
images/MJ_bad.jpg
Speed Demon
music_files/speed_demon.mp3
images/MJ_bad.jpg
Liberian Girl
music_files/liberian_girl.mp3
images/MJ_bad.jpg
Just Good Friends
music_files/just_good_friends.mp3
images/MJ_bad.jpg
Another Part of Me
music_files/another_part_of_me.mp3
images/MJ_bad.jpg
Man In the Mirror
music_files/man_in_the_mirror.mp3
images/MJ_bad.jpg
I Just Can't Stop Loving You
music_files/i_just_can't_stop_loving_you.mp3
images/MJ_bad.jpg
Dirty Diana
music_files/dirty_diana.mp3
images/MJ_bad.jpg
Smooth Criminal
music_files/smooth_criminal.mp3
images/MJ_bad.jpg
Leave Me Alone
music_files/leave_me_alone.mp3
images/MJ_bad.jpg
Greatest Hits
Bruno Mars
0
images/bruno_mars.jpg
11
Grenade
music_files/grenade.mp3
images/bruno_mars.jpg
Just The Way You Are
music_files/just_the_way_you_are.mp3
images/bruno_mars.jpg
Our First Time
music_files/our_first_time.mp3
images/bruno_mars.jpg
Runaway Baby
music_files/runaway_baby.mp3
images/bruno_mars.jpg
The Lazy Song
music_files/the_lazy_song.mp3
images/bruno_mars.jpg
Marry You
music_files/marry_you.mp3
images/bruno_mars.jpg
Talking To The Moon
music_files/talking_to_the_moon.mp3
images/bruno_mars.jpg
Liquor Store Blues
music_files/liquor_store_blues.mp3
images/bruno_mars.jpg
Count On Me
music_files/count_on_me.mp3
images/bruno_mars.jpg
The Other Side
music_files/the_other_side.mp3
images/bruno_mars.jpg
Just The Way You Are (Remix)
music_files/just_the_way_you_are_remix.mp3
images/bruno_mars.jpg
Mr.Bad Guy
Freddie Mercury
4
images/mr.bad_guy.jpg
4
Let's Turn It On
music_files/let's_turn_it_on.mp3
images/let's_turn_it_on.jpg
Made In Heaven
music_files/made_in_heaven.mp3
images/mr.bad_guy.jpg
I Was Born To Love You
music_files/i_was_born_to_love_you.mp3
images/mr.bad_guy.jpg
Mr.Bad Guy
music_files/mr.bad_guy.mp3
images/mr.bad_guy.jpg
Best Of Elton John
Elton John
0
images/elton_john.jpg
20
Island Girl
music_files/island_girl.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Bennie And The Jets
music_files/bennie_and_the_jets.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Someone Saved My Life Tonight
music_files/someone_saved_my_life_tonight.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Circle Of Life
music_files/circle_of_life.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Can You Feel The Love Tonight
music_files/can_you_feel_the_love_tonight.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
I'm Still Standing
music_files/i'm_still_standing.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting
music_files/saturday_night's_alright_for_fighting.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me
music_files/don't_let_the_sun_go_down_on_me.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Philadelphia Freedom
music_files/philadelphia_freedom.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Candle In the Wind
music_files/candle_in_the_wind.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Goodbye Yellow Brick Road
music_files/goodbye_yellow_brick_road.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds
music_files/lucy_in_the_sky_with_diamonds.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Pinball Wizard
music_files/pinball_wizard.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Tiny Dancer
music_files/tiny_dancer.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
I Guess That's Why They Call It The Blues
music_files/i_guess_that's_why_they_call_it_the_blues.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Honky Cat
music_files/honky_cat.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Sad Songs (Say So Much)
music_files/sad_songs_say_so_much.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Daniel
music_files/daniel.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Crocodile Rock
music_files/crocodile_rock.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Rocket Man
music_files/rocket_man.mp3
images/elton_john.jpg
Hit Me Hard and Soft
Billie Eilish
1
images/billie_eilish.jpg
10
Skinny
music_files/skinny.mp3
images/billie_eilish.jpg
Lunch
music_files/lunch.mp3
images/billie_eilish.jpg
Chihiro
music_files/chihiro.mp3
images/billie_eilish.jpg
Birds Of A Feather
music_files/birds_of_a_feather.mp3
images/billie_eilish.jpg
Wildflower
music_files/wildflower.mp3
images/billie_eilish.jpg
The Greatest
music_files/the_greatest.mp3
images/billie_eilish.jpg
Lâ€™amour De Ma Vie
music_files/l'amour_de_ma_vie.mp3
images/billie_eilish.jpg
The Diner
music_files/the_diner.mp3
images/billie_eilish.jpg
Bittersuite
music_files/bittersuite.mp3
images/billie_eilish.jpg
Blue
music_files/blue.mp3
images/billie_eilish.jpg
Smile
Katy Perry
1
images/katy_perry.png
12
Never Really Over
music_files/never_really_over.mp3
images/katy_perry.png
Cry About It Later
music_files/cry_about_it_later.mp3
images/katy_perry.png
Teary Eyes
music_files/teary_eyes.mp3
images/katy_perry.png
Daisies
music_files/daisies.mp3
images/katy_perry.png
Resilient
music_files/resilient.mp3
images/katy_perry.png
Not The End of The World
music_files/not_the_end_of_the_world.mp3
images/katy_perry.png
Smile
music_files/smile.mp3
images/katy_perry.png
Champagne Problems
music_files/champagne_problems.mp3
images/katy_perry.png
Tucked
music_files/tucked.mp3
images/katy_perry.png
Harleys In Hawaii
music_files/harleys_in_hawaii.mp3
images/katy_perry.png
Only Love
music_files/only_love.mp3
images/katy_perry.png
What Makes A Woman
music_files/what_makes_a_woman.mp3
images/katy_perry.png
Equals (=)
Ed Sheeran
2
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
14
Tides
music_files/tides.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
Shivers
music_files/shivers.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
First Times
music_files/first_time.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
Bad Habits
music_files/bad_habits.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
Overpass Graffiti
music_files/overpass_graffiti.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
The Joker And The Queen
music_files/the_joker_and_the_queen.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
Leave Your Life
music_files/leave_your_life.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
Collide
music_files/collide.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
2step
music_files/2step.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
Stop The Rain
music_files/stop_the_rain.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
Love In Slow Motion
music_files/love_in_slow_motion.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
Visiting Hours
music_files/visiting_hours.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
Sandman
music_files/sandman.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
Be Right Now
music_files/be_right_now.mp3
images/ed_sheeran.jpg
Heaven & Hell
Ava Max
1
images/ava_max.png
3
So Am I
music_files/so_am_i.mp3
images/ava_max.png
Kings And Queens
music_files/kings_and_queens.mp3
images/ava_max.png
Sweet But Psycho
music_files/sweet_but_psycho.mp3
images/ava_max.png